Kubernetes Cluster Setup (Quiz) (Part 1)

---------------------------------------------------

1. Does kubernetes come pre-installed on linux based OS?

	a. Yes
	b. No

2. How much amount of RAM is required for each node for setting up a cluster with kubeadm?

	a. 2 GiB RAM
	b. 4 GiB RAM
	c. 1 GiB RAM
	d. 8 GiB RAM

3. What is the minimum CPU core requirements for cluster master node?

	a. 4 CPU
	b. 2 CPU
	c. 6 CPU
	d. 1 CPU

4. Which one of the following commands can be used to initialize a cluster?

	a. kubectl
	b. kubelet
	c. kubeadm
	d. kube-apiserver

5. Which one of these commands is used to setup a kubenetes cluster node?

	a. kubeadm init
	b. kubeadm upgrade
	c. kubeadm join
	d. kubeadm kubeconfig

6. Which of these command is used to join the a node to an existing cluster?

	a. kubeadm init
	b. kubeadm upgrade
	c. kubeadm token
	d. kubeadm join

7. What needs to be turned off before starting kubelet?

	a. containerd service
	b. dockerd service
	c. swap
	d. etcd

8. Which of the below commands is used to turn off the swap in linux?

	a. turndown swap
	b. swapoff -a
	c. swap down
	d. swap tdown -a

9. Why is it important to turn off swap while running kubelet?

	a. In order to ensure proper functioning of kubelet with regards to memory utilization
	b. In order to disable memory usage by kubelet
	c. In order to create pods swap must be disabled
	d. as kubelet adds it's own swap memory and before that all the other swaps needs to be disabled

10. What could be the reason if the kubelet service is not starting in a given server? (select any number of options)

	a. containerd is running on the system which leads to kubelet's failure
	b. swap memory might be turned on
	c. firewall is not running
	d. configuration is not provided to kubelet

11. What would you do if kubeadm init fails due to error "port 6643 already in use"?

	a. kill the existing process which is using 6643
	b. start a new process for adding ports to cluster
	c. create a new virtual machine
	d. reinstall the container runtime

12. Which process in control plane component uses the port 6643?

	a. etcd
	b. kubelet
	c. api-server
	d. kube-controller-manager

13. Which of these container runtime is supported by kubernetes? (choose any number of options)

	a. containerd
	b. CRI-O
	c. sscontainers
	d. Docker Engine

14. What could be the reason behind failure of `kubeadm init` command?

	a. kubelet service not running
	b. container runtime is not installed
	c. kubeadm is not able to access the host for health checks
	d. all the required ports are open

15. What would you do if you get the following `timeout` error while running `kubeadm init`? (select any two options)

	a. check if kubelet is running
	b. try creating a new master node
	c. reinstall kubernetes
	d. check if the swap is off

16. Which of the following commands can be used to revert the changes made by `kubeadm init`?

	a. kubeadm restart
	b. kubeadm cluster revert
	c. kubeadm remake
	d. kubeadm reset

17. What needs to be configured to use `kubectl` commands on master node after `kubeadm init` command?

	a. add nodes to kubectl command
	b. need to set KUBECONFIG for administrator
	c. create new nodes
	d. manually add cluster data to etcd

18. What might be the reason if the nodes are not able to join a cluster using `kubeadm join` command? (select any number of choices)

	a. security group hasn't been updated for allowing communication through ports.
	b. Node aren't supposed to join the cluster
	c. kubeadm wasn't installed properly on the worker node
	d. control plane doesn't advertise the api-server over a public ip

19. When do we get `connect: connection refused` while running `kubectl get nodes` after setting up a cluster with `kubeadm init`?

	a. cluster wasn't setup successfully
	b. you need to manually create a service for cluster
	c. KUBECONFIG hasn't been configured properly in the environment
	d. kubelet isn't running

20. If master node doesn't require kubelet and container runtime to be installed then why do we need to install kubelet and container runtime on our master node when using `kubeadm init`?

	a. kubelet is at the core of master node configuration
	b. container runtime is required to assist with validation of API requests to kube-apiserver
	c. By default, `kubeadm init` uses pods to deploy etcd and api-server components
	d. kubelet is not required on the master node

21. Under which namespace are the components deployed as pods in kubernetes?

	a. kube-admin
	b. kube-system
	c. kube-adm
	d. kubenetes-master

22. What kind of a configuration needs to be implemented with regards to control group?

	a. cgroups needs to be the same for container runtime and kubelet
	b. cgroups needs to be different for container runtime and kubelet
	c. cgroups needs to be created for container runtime
	d. Nothing is required to be configured.